Welcome back.
In the last video fixed sidebar modules almost select the month of the year or the categories were press
and filters down the blog posts to always selected.
So when this video we're going to create the archive dump HP which is gonna be the template which controls
a look of the blog when we select on any of these archives to get started.
Head over to brackets are your text editor and then create a new page.
And so this page hours archive.
Top HP.
Make sure that in the project directory on the gun use the single dot P HP as a starting point.
So select all copy.
And then paste this back in to a new page which is archive and save that.
Back to the top of the page were going to create the comment so the comment we need is one call list.
The template for displaying archive pages.
Okay.
And say La Soul.
The page is going to look pretty much the same when I click on the archives.
As one clicked on the blog post.
Take a look at the full view.
So we don't need to do anything in the archives template for now but we do want to go to the functions
page and make sure that the text or the featured area is changed back to tranquil spa.
Official blog book going to do something a little bit different this time.
Go going to add a little bit more P HP which will display just underneath the text and it will show
us which category you selected or which month will display in.
So back into the text editor and go over to the functions stop.
P Then it should be at the end of your functions page which should have the feature text function.
I am going to continue this section with another LC statement.
Just after the last one.
So type in.
Else if.
And then the.
Condition and the curly braces.
So the condition that we want to check is if the page is archive.
And if it is go to echo out to the browser to start with the same text of tranquil spa official blog
so I can copy and paste that.
So as we mentioned before underneath the textbook in a put a new line.
So this line is going to show the one for the category that would display in solds make sure it goes
on the next line.
I'm going to echo alt a break tigg.
Make sure this goes in quotations just like that.
So to start would have gone echo out the category or the tag name.
And we do our By typing single.
Turn title.
And then the text I want to appear before the title is browsing and then a colon and a space.
So let's save that and see how that look and refresh the browser.
So now we've got the tranquil spa fish blog text then a break tigg and straight afterwards we've got
the browsing text that we just put in and the browsing text is then followed by the category which is
currently offers.
So let's click on news and check that work.
So now we've got the new section.
I'm going to try one more.
Sell promotions.
Okay good sir.
Now that was pretty straightforward to get that in there.
Boy it's going to be a little bit more difficult to pull in the month of the post but I'll show you
how to do that now.
So first of all we need to put in a new video statement which checks if the Archives has been filtered
by the current one.
So in the buckets if is mom.
And then the brackets afterwards then create the curly braces.
So to get started we need to find out which month for the year it currently is and when to store it
in to a variable.
So the dollar sign um call is variable the month.
No.
And that is equal to get one the score query underscore var and then in brackets in the premises and
the quotations when pull in the month number and then a semicolon of the end there.
Okay so next one create two variables one for the month and one for the year.
So I'll start with the month.
And when I set that equal to the HP date.
The first prometa are going to pass in is the form.
So the form that we want to return is a couple f which returns a current month in the long form such
as January or February.
Then separate by a comma and then next we want to return the unique timestamp.
Am I going to do that by typing in MRK time and then we need to pass in some parameters.
So the first one is the hour.
So we don't need to put any food in there.
The second one is the minute.
So we're going to roll.
The third one is the second.
So it's going to be zero and the fourth one is for the month.
So because we've create a variable called month from looking just copy and paste that in.
And that should return the kirit month and then will create the year variable.
So year is gonna be equal to or do the same as the in one number.
So get query VAR.
This time will pass in the wood you're aren't cynical at the end.
So now we'll create two variables with them one for under a year.
We need to echo these to the browser so echo.
First of all the text which is going to be posts from were disspain Straight after.
And then the period.
The variable.
So the first one is going to be the month.
And I will add on a space.
So put the single call to one space in between.
And then one add on the last variable which was the year.
With a semicolon and hit save and then head over to work Press and refresh.
So we'll select one of the archives and services work on.
Okay looks good we've got the post strong text and then we've added on the month variable and then the
variable for the year.
So let's just check the August ones and see if that's working.
Okay so all the piece are working correctly.
We've got the polls show and from the current month we've also got the categories of the current time
show 1.
So now if you join me in the next video we'll continue with the website by adding the latest news page.